LOCATION -1
0
Cannot go this way.
Cannot go this way because this is not a path. Please go back.
END

LOCATION 1
14
This is the front entrance of the campus. The coffee shop is South of here
As you come near the student center of the campus, you notice something odd. The place is unusually empty.
There is no one here, and all the restaurants are closed. Although the lights are still on, it makes you uneasy
to stay here.
END

LOCATION 2
13
This is an empty coffee shop. The front entrance is to the North. The courtyard is to the South
The coffee shop is completely empty, it seems like the workers are on strike.
END

LOCATION 3 Courtyard
20
The Courtyard. There is a coffee shop to the North. Also Library to the West.
Outside temperature as low as -10 degree celsius today. However this is the one of the two route to the library.
END

LOCATION 4
5
The library is crowed with people as usual. The courtyard is West, Instructional center is at East.
The people inside library is studying, trying to fit in as much information as possible before the mid-term.
There is a stack of paper on the front desk of the library.
END

LOCATION 5
10
Your are here at the Instructional Center's third floor. The library is West, and Exam room is North.
To be honest, you don't even know why you are here. To waste the time you have for studying for the final exam
wondering around the campus.
END

LOCATION 6 Cafeteria
7
Weirdly enough, there isn't any chair at the cafe. The front entrance is West, and Guidance council is East.
Although there aren't any chairs, but you realized there is many people studying on the staircase leading to
the lecture hall.
END

LOCATION 7 Guidance council
16
You are here contemplating if you should drop the course right now. Exam room is South, and Cafeteria is West.
There isn't much people at the guidance council, there is a bunch of poster on the wall about how to choose your
career.
END

LOCATION 8
16
This is the exam room. The Guidance is North, and Instructional center is South.
Everyone is ready to take their exams, well.... except you. The atmosphere is as tense as every. However you still have
half of hour left until the exam starts. In order to start the exam, you will need your eraser, pen, pencil,
calculator to enter the exam. However they were all scattered
around the campus.
END
